[Music]
hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food I'm
going to show you step by step how to
make a beef wellington the first thing I
need to do is cook for beef I've got a
kilo of beef fill it here which is a
great cut because it doesn't need like
loads and loads of cooking I've got my
oven preheating to 220 which is 200 fan
and I'm going to put about a tablespoon
of olive oil over the Philips and then
season it with lots of black pepper that
goes on my roasting tray and in the oven
for about 15 minutes for medium rare or
20 minutes for medium I now need to
prepare a mushroom filling called the
duck cell I've got 250 grams of chestnut
mushrooms in here but you could use a
combination of chestnut and wild
mushrooms if you like you need to chop
these really finely you can do this in a
food processor if you've got one but
just make sure you pulse it rather than
just continually blitzing it because you
don't want it to be a puree or a
smoothie consistency so that's the sort
of chunky breadcrumb consistency that
you're looking for everything in the
Wellington needs to be cold so I need to
leave that to cool and then put it in
the fridge and now need to cook the
mushrooms so I need two tablespoons of
olive oil and 50 grams of butter let the
butter melt in the pan until it's foamy
and then add the mushrooms
and have one large thyme sprig as well
quite a lot of water is gonna come out
of the mushrooms initially you just want
to cook that off so it's gonna take
about 8 to 10 minutes for all let's go
once the liquids been driven off I'm
gonna season the mushrooms some salt and
then a hundred mils of white wine goes
in just as before when a simmer that
down until all the wine is gonna butter
a bit so this is the consistency I want
and now need to cool it so spread it out
on a tray or a plate and it will cool
quickly you want to discard the time as
well because it's done its job so you
leave this to cool now for about half an
hour and then we can assemble the
Wellington so now it's the first stage
of our Wellington assembly I'm going to
need 12 slices of prosciutto
so I'm going to lay on this sheet of
baking parchment I'm gonna put six
slices across the top and six over here
overlapping so we get a good coverage
now I'm going to spread over half of our
mushroom mixture spread that evenly
almost to the edge and then sit our
cooled beef fill it on top and the rest
of the mushroom mixture goes on and then
just spread it over evenly with your
hands now I'm going to roll it up using
the parchment to help me
to put it really tightly so that
everything stays in place and twist it
at the ends of the cracker and put that
in the fridge while you roll out the
pastry for the outside of the Wellington
I need 500 grams of puff pastry I'm
going to take 1/3 of that off and that's
for the base just up with flour and then
I'm gonna roll it out so it's about 18
centimeters long by 30 worried and then
put that on a non-stick baking tray or
line it with a piece of parchment like
I've done then roll out the rest of the
pastry you need that to be 28
centimeters by 36 pushing the rolling
pin in like this helps keep its shape
before you start rolling
and now we're ready to put everything
together unwrap a deep position that in
the center of your pastry and then any
little straggling bits just tuck them in
to stick everything together
and to make a gorgeous glaze on top I've
got two egg yolks and to that I'm going
to add about a teaspoon of water brush
that around yet and then drape the
larger piece of pastry on top it's easy
to do this if you use your rolling pin
[Music]
once that's all tucked in I'm just going
to trim the edges officers or tidy press
a fork around the edge to give a really
neat design this also helps to fuse the
pieces of pastry together now glaze the
whole thing in your egg yolk mixture and
now I'm going to use the back of a knife
to create a diagonal pattern I'm using
the back of the knife because I want to
leave an imprint but I don't want to cut
the pastry this needs to go in the
fridge now so it's completely cold
before you bake it that way the pastry
will have enough time to cook but with a
fill it inside being cold it's not going
to overcook in the same time the
Wellington needs to chill for at least
half an hour or you can leave it up to
24 hours if you prefer this is one that
we've had in the fridge overnight and
before it goes in the oven I'm just
going to brush it with a little bit more
egg my ovens preheated to 200 or 180 fan
my Wellington needs to go in for about
20 to 25 minutes for medium rare or 30
minutes for a medium it needs to be
lovely and golden on the outside the
Wellington has cooked and it's
beautifully golden brown I just need to
leave it now for ten minutes to rest and
then cut it into thick slices to serve
[Music]